Fault:24-03-2020 23:22:22 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:24-03-2020 23:22:22 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:24-03-2020 23:22:22 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:24-03-2020 23:22:22 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:24-03-2020 23:43:11 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:24-03-2020 23:43:11 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:24-03-2020 23:43:11 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:24-03-2020 23:43:11 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:22 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:22 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:22 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:22 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:49 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:49 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:49 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:49 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:52 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:52 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:52 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 0:00:52 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 10:16:34 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 10:16:34 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 10:34:33 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 10:34:33 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 12:27:06 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 12:27:06 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 13:53:22 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 13:53:22 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 14:16:59 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 14:16:59 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 14:17:02 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 14:17:02 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 16:43:51 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 16:43:51 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 16:46:29 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 16:46:29 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 17:21:45 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 17:21:45 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 17:27:08 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 17:27:08 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 17:27:46 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 17:27:46 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 17:29:22 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 17:29:22 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 17:30:35 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 17:30:35 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 18:00:16 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 18:00:16 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 19:07:12 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/UserfilesController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 19:07:12 - Class core\user\controllers\UserfilesController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 19:14:02 - Не верное имя файла для подключения - core/user/controllers/LoginController
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\settings\internal_settings.php
In line 32

Fault:25-03-2020 19:14:02 - Class core\user\controllers\LoginController does not exist
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\base\controllers\BaseController.php
In line 46

Fault:25-03-2020 22:53:35 - Не найдены поля в таблице - teachers
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\admin\controllers\BaseAdmin.php
In line 89

Fault:25-03-2020 23:22:37 - Не найдены поля в таблице - teachers
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\admin\controllers\BaseAdmin.php
In line 89

Fault:26-03-2020 10:57:02 - Не найдены поля в таблице - teachers
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\admin\controllers\BaseAdmin.php
In line 89

Fault:26-03-2020 11:56:08 - Не найден шаблон /core/admin/views/include/form_templates/name.php
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\admin\views\add.php
In line 46

Fault:26-03-2020 11:59:44 - Не найден шаблон /core/admin/views/include/form_templates/keywords.php
fileD:\OSPanel\domains\InterShop\core\admin\views\add.php
In line 46

